@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
alpha;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
attr;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
FrameLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
item;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
resources;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
set;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
style;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
translate;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;d:\Users\Student\Downloads\Sample-Getting-Started-App (1)\GettingStarted\GettingStarted.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\40\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
